Updated content: `button` component (#910)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/button/partials/code/how-to-use.md

## How to use this component

> The button component is used to trigger an action or event. For accessibility, buttons should not be used to route to a URL.

Reviewer: I recommend moving this to `overview.md` which will put it at the top of the first tab as it's good general guidance. 

I also recommend adding more details or resources around **why** buttons shouldn't be used for URLs instead of relying on "for accessibility". Feels like a good opportunity for education on the topic.

> The button component is used to trigger an action or event. For accessibility, buttons should not be used to route to a URL.

Author: ```suggestion
The button component is used to trigger an action or event. For accessibility, buttons should not be used to route to a URL; use a link instead.
```

### Basic use

The most basic invocation requires text to be passed:

```handlebars
<Hds::Button @text="Copy to clipboard" />
```

### Add an icon

> To add an icon to your button, give the `@icon` a [Flight icon](https://flight-hashicorp.vercel.app/) name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add an icon to your button, give the `@icon` any [icon](https://flight-hashicorp.vercel.app/) name:
```

Reviewer: This should also link to the icon page on the new website.

Read the Ember.js guides for more information: [Patterns for Actions](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/in-depth-topics/patterns-for-actions/) .

### Links

You can generate a link with the visual appearence of a button passing a `@href` or a `@route` argument to the component.

> _Notice: the `Hds::Button` component internally uses the generic `Hds::Interactive` component. For more details about how this low-level component works please refer to [its documentation page](/utilities/interactive/)._

Author: ```suggestion
!!! Info

**Interaction** 

The `Hds::Button` component internally uses the generic `Hds::Interactive` component. For more details about how this utility component works please refer to [its documentation page](/utilities/interactive/).

!!!
```

> _Notice: all the standard arguments for the `<LinkTo/LinkToExternal>` components are supported (eg. `models/model/query/current-when/replace`)._

Author: ```suggestion
!!! Info

**LinkTo**

All of the standard arguments for the `<LinkTo/LinkToExternal>` components are supported (eg. `models/model/query/current-when/replace`).

!!!
```
